# JavaAssignment- urldatabase

Application contains 2 java classes- Application.java Class which contans the main method and UrlModel.java to hold data/save to database.
On start up application will print all the available commands/functionalities available
 1.Store a new URL : storeurl 
 2.Get a  URL      : get
 3.URL usage Count : count
 4.List URL        : list
 5.Exit Program    : exit
 
 1. storeurl shall take a URL as a parameter and save that into a table with a unique short key (autogenerated key) and a count(usage count which is initialized to 0).
    a. Since there is no database to store the data, we use local variable  List<UrlModel> urlDataList.
    b. If user is trying to store duplicate url, system gives a warning message.
  
2. The command get shall take a URL as a parameter and return the unique short key after incrementing the usage count.
    a. If the provided URL is not available in the system,  system gives a warning message.
  
3. The command count shall take a URL as a parameter and should return the latest usage count.
     a. If the provided URL is not available in the system,  system gives a warning message.
  
4. The command list should return all urls and counts. The return value as a JSON string.
  
5. The command exit should terminate the program with a exit message.
  
  
  Data Model/ Table structure
  
 Created a UrlModel.java class to hold below propertiees
  

	UUID  uniqueKey ;// unique key generated to serve as a primary unique key
	
	String siteURL;// String to store use provided URL
	
	int usageCount;// to hold the usage count of the URL, Defaulted as 0 and incremented after every get operation.
